Hello and welcome back. In this video, I will show you how to use OpenClaw to bypass trial period.
I'm going to use this crack me called days remaining. When I run it, it shows the trial
period remaining. I want to patch it so that it never expires. I start x64dbg which is a 32-bit
version as administrator. Next, I open the target CrackMe. In Telegram, I ask OpenClaw to list some
Win32 API that checks for time or date. It lists down some API. Let's try GetLocalTime. I copy its
name. Back in x64dbg, I right-click and search for current module intermodular calls. There is a long
list in the search results. I then filter out, get local time. There are four results. So I add
breakpoints on all of them, select all four, right click and toggle breakpoint. Then click on the
breakpoints tab to confirm and right now we see that hits are zero. Run the debugger and one of
the breakpoints is hit. The program shows the window with the message trial period remaining
2. I double click on the breakpoint address that was hit and that takes me to the location
where the getLocalTime API was triggered. Scrolling up, I take note the start of this
function at the instruction push EBP. I scroll down and look for the RET instruction which marks
the end of the function. In Telegram, I ask OpenClaw to connect to the debugger using MCP
and to refer to memory on how to do that.
It then replies saying it is ready to connect and lists down the method to do so.
I then copy the address of the start of the function by right-clicking and selecting copy address.
I then ask OpenClaw to disassemble the function and paste in the address.
I also ask it to understand how remaining days is calculated and to show me the lines where it does so.
OpenClaw goes to work.
And bit by bit, it disassembles the binary, analyzes it, and reports back its findings.
Finally, it shows me the instructions where remaining days are being calculated.
I copy those lines and ask it to explain them.
OpenClaw then gives an in-depth explanation.
Basically, the target program is taking the constant 28, which in hex is 1c, and deducting 28 from the current day of the week.
I then ask it what is the maximum possible days remaining.
It then performs some calculation and informs me that the maximum is 28.
I then ask it which instruction limits the remaining days to 28 days maximum.
It then tells me that the instruction move EAX, 1C sets the maximum to 28 because it loads
the constant 28 to be used in the calculation.
I ask it what other values could be loaded instead of 1C that would affect the maximum
days remaining.
And it gives a list of examples that could be used instead of 1C and concludes by saying
that whatever replaces 1C becomes the new ceiling for the days remaining calculation.
I then ask it if we use 0xFF, which in decimal is 255, what would be the maximum days remaining.
It replies saying the maximum would be 255 days.
I will now modify the code to replace 1c with ff.
Copy the address of the target instruction.
In the debugger, right click and select go to expression.
Paste in the address.
To modify this instruction, press spacebar.
Or you can right click and select assemble.
Change the constant from 0x1c to 0xff.
Click the checkbox, keep size so that it will not overwrite the next instruction.
To patch it, click on file then patch file.
Give a new name with "-v2", at the end of the file name.
This will be version 2.
Close the debugger.
Run the patch file and we get 229 days remaining.
Previously, it was 2 days.
So it works.
So this is how we can use OpenCLAW to bypass trial periods.
That's all for this video.
Thanks for watching.